GridBase selection.allowSelectAll: reference selectAllMode (#2326)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/selection/allowSelectAll.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Allows users to simultaneously select all or current page rows (depending on the [selectAllMode]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/selection/#selectAllMode)).

---

> To select rows, a user should press Ctrl + A is or click the Select All check box in the selection column's header. This check box also allows a user to deselect all rows. If a filter is applied, the select all functionality affects those rows that meet filtering conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select rows, press Ctrl + A is or click the Select All check box in the selection column's header. This check box can also allows be used to deselect all rows. If a filter is applied, the Select All functionality affects all rows that meet filtering conditions.
```

> If **false**, this property disables the select all functionality. In this case, the check box clears selection and is hidden if no rows are selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **false**, this property disables the Select All functionality. In this case, the check box clears selection and is hidden if no rows are selected.
```

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether a user can select all (default) or current page rows at once.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "specifies whether a user can or cannot select", this description reads as "specifies whether a user can select all or current page rows".

```suggestion
Allows users to simultaneously select all or current page rows (depending on the [selectAllMode]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/selection/#selectAllMode)).
```

---

> If **true**, this property depends on the **selection**.[selectAllMode]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/selection/#selectAllMode) value:

Reviewer 2: This info is in the short description now

```suggestion
```

> <table class="dx-table">
>     <tr>
>         <th>selection.selectAllMode value</th>
>         <th>allowSelectAll description</th>
>     </tr>
>     <tr>
>         <td>allPages (default)</td>
>         <td>Selects all rows</td>
>     </tr>
>     <tr>
>         <td>page</td>
>         <td>Selects only the current page rows</td>
>     </tr> 
> </table>
> 

Reviewer 2: This info is already given in the selectAllMode description.

```suggestion
```

> To select rows, a user should press Ctrl + A is or click the check box in the selection column's header. The *"Select All"* check box also allows a user to deselect all rows. If a filter is applied, the select all functionality affects those rows that meet filtering conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To select rows, a user should press Ctrl + A is or click the Select All check box in the selection column's header. This check box also allows a user to deselect all rows. If a filter is applied, the select all functionality affects those rows that meet filtering conditions.
```

> If **false**, this property disables the select all functionality. In this case, the check box clears selection and is hidden if no rows are selected.

Reviewer 2: Let's give links to the demos for both the DataGrid and TreeList.
